dirt bike		But last year he got a dirt bike for Christmas, so don't even ask me what Santa was thinking on that one.	a vehicle like a small bicycle with an engine that is used for riding or racing on rough ground	(适于在崎岖不平的道路上行驶的)轻型摩托车；
decorate	[ˈdekəˌreɪt]	Manny, was taking a nap upstairs, and when he woke up and found out we were decorating the tree without him,he had a total meltdown.	to make something look more attractive by putting nice things on it or in it	装饰;装点;点缀；
bully	[ˈbʊli]	Right before Thanksgiving break, there was a contest at school to see who could come up with the best anti-bullying slogan.	to frighten or hurt someone who is smaller or weaker than you	欺负；恐吓；欺凌；
shortcut	 [ˈʃɔrtˌkʌt]	The thing that really stunk was that me and Rowley used the woods in that neighborhood as a shortcut to get to school.	 a path or route that is quicker and shorter than the usual way	近路;捷径；
toughen	[ˈtʌf(ə)n]	I was afraid Dad was gonna say I needed to toughen up and deal with the problem myself, but he surprised me.	to become mentally or physically stronger, or to make someone mentally or physically stronger	经历使坚强，使顽强；
seesaw	[ˈsiˌsɔ]	In October, Francis Knott went flying off the swing set and landed on the seesaw, so that took out two big items right there.	a long board for children to play on, balanced on a support in the middle	跷跷板；
distract	[dɪˈstrækt]	And that's seriously distracting when you're trying to take a test.	to get someone’s attention and prevent them from concentrating on something	分散(注意力);使分心；
prance	[præns]	Rowley skips, so it bugged me to see him prancing around the playground like that.	(of a horse) to move with high steps	(马)腾跃；腾跳
hut	[hʌt]	The day after Christmas, Mom took the CD to the Game Hut and chewed the clerk out for selling her material that was "inappropriate" for kids.	a small simple shelter	简陋的小屋;土房;棚屋;茅舍;石寮；
attach to	[əˈtætʃ]	I have to admit, after a few months I got really attached to that doll.		对于…有好感,同…亲近，对…依恋
decoy	[dɪˈkɔɪ]	But after a while it started to rot, and Dad traced the weird smell back to my Alfrendo decoy.	a person or thing that you use to trick someone into going somewhere or doing something	诱饵;诱惑物;用作诱饵的人；
pawn ˈoff	[pɔn]	But I found a picture of the same blanket on Great Uncle Bruce, who passed away a few years ago, so I pawned it off on Rodrick for his birthday.	to persuade someone to buy or accept something that you do not want, especially something of low quality	使 (自己不想要的人或物) 脱手表不满
pew	[pju]	I don't think Rowley totally understood that you're just supposed to shake hands with people, either, because when the woman in the pew behind us said "Peace be with you," Rowleygave her a big wet kiss on the cheek.	a long wooden seat in a church	教堂里的长木椅；
raffle	[ˈræf(ə)l]	They had us sell raffle tickets, and whoever won the raffle would get a spring yard cleanup from the seventh-grade class.	a competition in which you win a prize if the number on your ticket is the same as the number on the prize	抽奖;抽彩；
affectionate	[əˈfekʃənət]	Mrs. Durocher lives right across the street, but she's a little too affectionate.	showing that you love or care about someone or something	充满深情的；满怀柔情的；表示爱的；
hilarious	[hɪˈleəriəs]	"Those teeth are hilarious!" The first time Dad met Mr. Alexander was on Halloween, and Dad must've thought his teeth weren't real.	 extremely funny	引人捧腹大笑的;滑稽的;极有趣的；
ornament	[ˈɔrnəmənt]	I didn't want to be rude, so the next thing I knew sitting in Mrs. Melcher's living room surrounded by the lawn ornaments she took inside for the winter.	a small attractive object used for decoration or for making someone or something more beautiful	家中或花园里的装饰物，装饰品，点缀品；
thaw	[θɔ]	Hopefully it will thaw out before the summer rolls around.	if ice or snow thaws, or if something thaws it, it becomes warmer and changes into liquid	(冰雪等)融化，融解，解冻；
corny	[ˈkɔrni]	The bumper sticker is pretty corny, but it was still cool to win it.	 corny stories, jokes, songs etc have been used so much that they seem silly	陈旧的；过时的;老生常谈的；老掉牙的；
hose	[hoʊz]	But when I rinsed the car off with the hose, I got a huge surprise.	a very long tube for carrying water to a garden or a fire	橡胶或塑料制的水管，水龙带；
folk	[foʊk]	The folk service has a different kind of music than the regular one.	Folk music is music which is traditional or typical of a particular 	(音乐)大众的，民间的；
dupe	[dup]	I can totally relate to getting duped into joining something without knowing all the details.	 to trick someone into believing something that is not true or into doing something that is stupid or illegal	愚弄;欺骗;诈骗；
assembly	[əˈsembli]	Today we had a general assembly, and everyone was all excited because they told us we were gonna get to watch a movie.	a regular meeting of students and teachers in a school	全校师生的晨会，早会；
slice	[slaɪs]	it took everyone about five seconds to figure out that Extreme Sports Stix are just sliced carrots.	to cut something into flat pieces	将…切成薄片；
slurp	[slɜrp]	At recess a few kids who'd bought Rowley Riot from Leon ducked behind the school and slurped down their drinks where no one could see them.	to make loud sucking noises as you drink something 	大声地啜;出声地喝；
sop up	[sɒp]	But the second she was gone, the kids took off their shoes and sopped up the puddles with their socks.	to remove (a liquid) from a surface by using soft paper, bread, etc.	吸干（液汁）
copycat	[ˈkɑpiˌkæt]	The next thing I knew, though, I had a bunch of copycats.	someone that you think has copied exactly what someone else has done, and seems to have no ideas of their own	模仿者;好跟人学的人；
cramp	[kræmp]	I got crapmps and asked Mr. Underwood if I could just do the rest of my sit-ups as homework.	sudden severe pain in a tired muscle that becomes very tight	痛性痉挛;抽筋；
scrape together	[skreɪp]	I don't know how I'm gonna scrape together enough money to buy everyone a present.	to succeed in getting enough of something, especially money, by making a lot of effort	(艰难地)凑齐，筹集；
carry away		But I think Mom got a little carried away, She sent my book to a publisher in New York.	Move or excite greatly. This expression is usually used in the passive, be carried away, as in	太高兴了。