cruise	[kruz]	But Gramma's on a cruise with her friends, so that's why we got stuck	a journey on a ship for pleasure, especially one that involves visiting a series of places	乘船游览;航游；
flip	[flɪp]	I flipped through the pages, and sure enough, it was filled with instruction for how to take care of us when we were little kids.	If you flip through the pages of a book, for example, you quickly turn over the pages in order to find a particular one or to get an idea of the contents.	快速翻阅;浏览；
hog	[hɔɡ]	But she stayed for about two hours and toally hogged the TV.	to take or use a lot of something in a way that prevents other people from having it	贪心地攫取，独占；
haul	[hɔl]	That really stunk, because I had to haul my laundry bag all the way back upstairs.	to pull or carry something heavy from one place to another with a lot of effort	(用力地) 拉，拖；
count down		Then he starts counting down from ten. And I don't know why, but that gets to me every time.	 to wait for something to happen, usually noticing every day or moment that passes until it happens	倒读数，倒计时
pantry	[ˈpæntri]	I went to get some pretzels out of the pantry tonight, and the bag was practically empty.	a small room for storing food, usually next to the kitchen	餐具室；食品室；食品储藏室
officially	[əˈfɪʃ(ə)li]	I officially give up. 	publicly and formally	 正式地；公开地；官方的。
auditorium	[ˌɔdɪˈtɔriəm]	Then we all sat in a circle in the middle of the auditorium.	a large room or building used for meetings, lectures, or public performances	会堂;礼堂;音乐厅；
freckle	[ˈfrek(ə)l]	Nicky Wood wanted the picture to be of him, but he's totally covered in freckles and we couldn't find a single part of him that wouldn't be a dead giveaway.	a small brown spot on your skin. A permanent raised brown spot on your skin is called a mole .	(尤指脸上的)雀斑，色斑；
stunt	[stʌnt]	Then Mr. Tanner said that he didn't appreciate Team Three's "juvenile stunt" and that we were disqualified from the competition.	something silly or unusual that is done to get public attention	引人注意的花招;噱头；
counselor	[ˈkaʊnsələr]	Around midnight Mr. Palmero, the school guidance counselor, told everyone to get into their sleeping bags and settle down.	an American spelling of counsellor	顾问；法律顾问；参事
tow	[toʊ]	There was a guy from the tow truck company, and he was walking around Mr. Palmero's car, which was parked in a handicapped spot.	the activity of pulling one vehicle or boat behind another	拖;拉;牵引；
preserve	[prɪˈzɜrv]	By this time it was so cold in the auditorium that us boys packed ourselves together like sardines to preserve body heat.	If you preserve something, you take action to save it or protect it from damage or decay.	保护；保存；维护；
fuss	[fʌs]	Well, that kind of stunk, because the only good thing about being sick is having someone fuss over you.	If you fuss over someone, you pay them a lot of attention and do things to make them happy or comfortable.	(对…)关爱备至，过分体贴；
irk	[ɜrk]	Well, that really irked me for some reason, but that wasn't the end of it.	 to annoy someone	使恼怒;使厌烦;使烦恼；
stubble	[ˈstʌb(ə)l]	I can name at least half a dozen jobs I can never have if I can't grow  a beard or a mustache or at least some decent stubble.	the short stiff hairs on a man’s face that grow into a beard if he does not cut them off	胡子茬；
tuxedo	[tʌkˈsidoʊ]	Mom called Gammie to tell her we were running a little late because we had to stop to pick up my tuxedo.	a dinner jacket	(男士在正式社交场合穿的)无尾礼服；
twitchy	[ˈtwɪtʃi]	When some aunt or cousin gives me a wet kiss on my cheek, I start thinking about the bacteria multiplying on my face, and I get all twitchy.	nervous, or worried	神经紧张的;焦躁不安的；
pothole	[ˈpɑtˌhoʊl]	At the last family reunion, Gammie sent Byron out to get milk and I rode with him, but he hit a pothole and got a flat tire about half a mile from the house.	 a hole in a road	因来往车辆和恶劣天气而造成的路面坑洼，路面坑洞；
pajamas	[pəˈdʒɑːməz]	I used to have this pair of red footie pajamas, and every time Uncle Charlie saw me, he'd say the same thing.	the American spelling of pyjamas： any clothes that you wear to bed	一套睡衣裤；
tub	[tʌb]	The only place I could find was the bathroom next to Gammie's room, so I put my blanket and pillow in the tub and made myself a bed.	a bathtub	浴缸；tub 原意：大小不一的桶,盆,缸,盆；
jar	[dʒɑr]	She does have some hard candy in a jar on her mantel, and last year I had a few pieces.	a glass container with a lid and a wide top, especially one in which food is sold or kept	用于存放食物的有盖的玻璃罐，罐子， 坛子，广口瓶；
petal	[ˈpet(ə)l]	So while Rowley was having a blast at Jordan Jury's party, I was holding a basket filled with rose pedals for Manny.	 one of the coloured parts around the centre of a flower	花瓣；
reception	 [rɪˈsepʃən]	After the reception, our family went back to Gammie's house to get changed.	a formal party to welcome someone or to celebrate something	招待会;欢迎会；
audition	[ɔˈdɪʃ(ə)n]	Don't ask me why they picked him, because he couldn't even get the slogan right in the audition.	 a short performance in which you sing, dance, or act so that someone can decide if you are good enough to perform in a particular play, concert etc	艺人等的试镜，试演，试唱，试奏；
den	[den]	Great Uncle Arthur was in the den, sitting in the recliner in front of the TV.	American a room in a house where someone goes to relax and be alone	(家里用来学习、工作或从事业余爱好的)书房，私室；
spurt	[spɜrt]	I've been waiting to hit my growth spurt or at least start growing some facial hair, but things have been kind of slow going.	 a sudden increase in something, for example speed or development	突然爆发；突然激增
hang out		Later on in the day, I saw Rowley hanging out near the older kids' lockers.	If you hang out in a particular place or area, you go and stay there for no particular reason, or spend a lot of time there.	闲逛，逗留；
pimple	[ˈpɪmp(ə)l]	Then I noticed he had a big pimple right in the middle of his forehead.	a small red lump on your skin, especially on your face	尤指脸上的丘疹，粉刺；
pitch in	[pɪtʃ]	We were going to have to pitch in around the house.	If you pitch in, you join in and help with an activity.	参与；协力；(此处语境指干家务。)