make a beeline for	[ˈbiˌlaɪn]	But when she made a beeline for the other room, she found out there was no other room.	beeline 直线;此单词一般仅用于短语make beeline for<br/><br/>If you make a beeline for a place, you go to it as quickly and directly as possible.	径直前往；直奔；
strain	[streɪn]	I strained so hard to keep myself from laughing that I thought I might burst a blood vessel or blow out an eyeball or something.	If you strain to do something, you make a great effort to do it when it is difficult to do.	努力做;竭力做;费力做事；
dribble	[ˈdrɪb(ə)l]	Plus, I had just taken a big sip of chocolate milk, and I was trying not to let it dribble onto my plate.	if a liquid dribbles, or if you dribble it, it flows slowly in small drops	使滴下;使一点一滴地落下；
yank	[jæŋk]	When my front tooth was loose, I was terrified of letting someone pull it. Mom spent WEEKS trying to convince me to let her yank it out, but I was too scared.	If you yank someone or something somewhere, you pull them there suddenly and with a lot of force.	猛拉；猛拽:
fan out	[fæn]	Fifteen seconds later, everyone was fanned out across Gramma's backyard, searching for Meemaw's plastic eggs.	if a group of people fan out, they move forwards and apart in a straight line	（使）展开，散开或者成扇形散开
riffle or riffle through	[ˈrɪf(ə)l]	But after Mom caught me riffling through Gramma's underwear drawer, I realized maybe I was getting a little TOO carried away.	to quickly turn over pages or papers	快速翻阅;迅速浏览；
leaky	[ˈliki]	For two nights I had to sleep in Rodrick's room on a leaky air mattress.	a leaky object or container has a hole or crack in it so that liquid or gas comes out of it	漏的；有裂缝的；有漏洞的；
be right on the money		And every single time, it was right on the money.	to be exactly right	完全正确/准确。
tuck away	[tʌk]	At first I couldn't figure out why she ws keeping all these books tucked away in her closet instead of on a shelf out in the open.	to put something in a place where it is not easy to find or to see	把…隐藏;把…隐匿；
scoop up	[skup]	Mom said the cleaning lady must've scooped up Tickles when she took the sheets.	to lift something or someone quickly with your hands or arms	(敏捷地)抱起，搂起：拿起，捡起；用铲子取；兜接，舀上来
dinosaur	[ˈdaɪnəˌsɔr]	This also explains why Manny sleeps with ten stuffed dinosaurs every night.	 a large frightening animal that lived a very long time ago but is now extinct (=all of them died)	恐龙；
take a crack at doing something		So when me and Rodrick were doing the dishes tonight, I took a crack at using reverse psychology on Mom and Dad.	to try to do something although you are not certain that you will succeed.	尝试做某事。
blurb	[blɜrb]	So when I turned in my photos at the end of the day, I wrote little blurbs so Bestsy would know what she was looking at.	information printed on the outside of something, especially something for sale such as a book, to describe it or make it attractive to buy<br/><br/>turn in  When you turn in a completed piece of work, especially written work, you give it to the person who asked you to do it. 上交;提交;交付；	书籍、影片或展览的简介，宣传信息；
flannel	[ˈflæn(ə)l]	The Body Blankie is made of flannel, so having it on is like being in bed all the time. 	soft cotton cloth used for making clothes and sheets	法兰绒；
parade	[pəˈreɪd]	If I started parading around the house in it, Mom would know I've been porking around in her closet.	to walk around so that people will look at you and admire you	招摇而行；
wriggle	[ˈrɪɡ(ə)l]	I tried to wriggle out of it by pushing my arms up through the hole where my head was, but I couldn't get my elbows out.	If you wriggle or wriggle part of your body, you twist and turn with quick movements, for example because you are uncomfortable.	蠕动，扭动(身体的一部分)；
stalling	[stɔl]	I started getting nervous that I wasn't gonna finish before the bell rang, and the Magic 8 Ball was doing some SERIOUS stalling.	stall 动词转名称 此处doing....stalling if a vehicle or its engine stalls, or if the driver stalls it, it suddenly stops working because not enough power is reaching the engine	失速，停转
give someone credit (for something)		I've got to give Mom credit, because she stuck up for me.	to praise or recognize someone for doing something.	因...肯定/赞扬某人；给某人...点赞。
fudge	[fʌdʒ]	Mom even took me out to get a hot-fudge sundae to celebrate my accomplishment.	mainly American a sweet soft chocolate that is spread on cakes or poured over ice cream	(主北美)浓巧克力（尤用作蛋糕的馅或冰淇淋调味品）
belt out		So when she called my name at the start of class, I stood right up and belted out the song we've been working on.	If you belt out a song, you sing or play it very loudly.	大声唱；大声演奏；
metamorphosis	[ˌmetəˈmɔː(r)fəsɪs]	For last year's Science Fair, my experiment  was on metamorphosis.	biology a major change in the physical form of an insect or other animal as it develops	 (动)（昆虫或两栖动物的）变态
blow away		My plan was to open the box at the EXACT moment they turned into butterflies and blow the judges away.	 to impress someone very much or make them very excited	使印象深刻；
ballot	[ˈbælət]	I didn't bother to vote this year, so I wasn't even sure who was on the ballot.	 a piece of paper that you write your vote on	选票:
fall apart		Things have really fallen apart for me ever since I dropped my Magic 8 Ball in Mrs. Merritt's class.	if someone falls apart, they experience extreme emotional problems and cannot think or behave in the normal way	失去自信，反常；失去自制：
in a pinch		I've always heard he could hook you up with an old assignment if you were in a pinch.	in a bad situation when help is needed	必要时；在紧要关头；危急时
have/get/cold feet 		I think Dennis and Erick could tell I was getting cold feet, because they pressured me to make a decision.	 to suddenly feel nervous about doing something that you have planned or agreed to do	沮丧；临阵退缩
bolt	[boʊlt]	Erick told me to turn my pockets inside out to PROVE it, but I noticed the door to the outside was open a crack and I bolted.	to escape from a place	跑开；(尤指)逃跑:
harsh	[hɑrʃ]	But from what I heard, the way Rowley found out was kind of harsh.	If you talk about harsh realities or facts, or the harsh truth, you are emphasizing that they are true or real, although they are unpleasant and people try to avoid thinking about them.	现实、真相残酷的，无情的；
stage	[steɪdʒ]	Today somebody tipped off a teacher, and a bunch of the faculty members staged a raid on the storage room.	 to organize an event	组织上演(戏剧、演出等)；
sprinkle	[ˈsprɪŋk(ə)l]	For a second I thought maybe the Science Report Fairy had come in overnight and sprinkled some pixie dust on the pages, but then I realized it was MOM.	to shake small amounts of a liquid or a substance such as sugar over the surface of something	洒水;撒(粉末)；