belly	[ˈbeli]	I found out it was Mom piping in music through these speakers she put on her belly.	a stomach This word is often used to talk about whether people have enough to eat or not	胃，腹部在英国英语中属于非正式或文学用语；
deprive	[dɪˈpraɪv]	By the time I came into the world, I was totally sleep deprived and in a really lousy mood.	if you deprive someone of something, you take it away from them or prevent them from having it	剥夺;使丧失;使不能享有；
crib	[krɪb]	He got the crib, so for the first few months of my life I had to sleep in the top dresser drawer.	American a cot for a baby A crib is a bed for a small baby. 	婴儿床；
slobber	[ˈslɑbər]	By the time something came to me, it was either worn-out or covered in slobber.	to have saliva coming out of your mouth	流口水；
get around		But when you're a baby, you can't really get around a lot, so there was only one place I could hide the batteries.	to go or travel to different places	走动；四处走走。
pull off		I could barely figure out how to pull off my mittens without help from a grown-up.	to take off clothes, especially quickly	脱掉(衣、帽、鞋等)：拿掉；拉开(某人或某物)；扯下；撕开；剥掉：
scrap	[skræp]	I think Mom was actually gonna try and get her story published, but Bradley and his family moved BACK into our neighborhood the next spring,so she had to scrap it.	 to get rid of something	除掉;取消;废弃；
squish	[skwɪʃ]	The last thing I need to do is plop down on the sofa to watch TV and squish Tiny Jim.	to press hard on a person or a soft object or substance	压扁；把...挤扁
rub off		I guess the idea is to get us to interact with one another so it rubs off on Manny.	if a quality that someone has rubs off, it starts to affect another person so that they start to have that quality too	影响;感染；
buffet	[bʌˈfeɪ]	Also, the service is TERRIBLE at Corny's, so we always just get the buffet and serve ourselves.	a meal at which all the food is put on a table and people go and choose what they want	自助餐；
crack up		Eventually, I found Manny in one of the tunnels, but by then I was ready to crack up.	to become mentally ill	(因精神压力大而)垮掉，崩溃；
allowance	[əˈlaʊəns]	Mom has being paying us an allowance to do chores.	an amount of money that someone receives regularly, in order to pay for the things they need	定期发给的津贴，补助；
get on his feet		Uncle Gary told Dad he needs a place to stay until he can get on his feet again.	 to get someone back to normal, financially, medically, mentally, etc.	财务自由了，财务状况好转等。（跌倒了，站起来引申义）
nag	[næɡ]	Dad has really been nagging Uncle Gary's about finding a job, but Uncle Gary says he's tried and no one is hiring.	 to frequently criticize someone, often for qualities or habits that are difficult to change	纠缠不休;唠叨；
not be cut out for something/to do something		But I don't think Uncle Gary is cut out for an office job, and I'm not sure I am, either.	to lack the right qualities or character for doing something	具有所需素质及才能；是…的材料
clog	[klɑɡ]	This weekend the toilet in the upstairs bathroom got clogged, and I prayed that the plumber wouldn't use our bathroom after he fixed it.	to block something such as a pipe, tube, or passage, or to become blocked, so that nothing can get through	阻塞;堵塞；
finale	[fɪˈnɑli]	In the grand finale of his show, the Amazing Andrew hypnotized a line of eighth-graders into thinking their arms were superglued together.	If you say that an event provides a particular kind of finale to something, you mean that it provides it with a particular kind of ending.	(特定的)结尾，结束；
knuckle	[ˈnʌk(ə)l]	I taught Rowley how to act really tough and crack his knuckles a lot so Scotty would get the message that we weren't fooling around.	one of the parts where your fingers can bend or where they join your hand	指节；指关节；
red-handed	[ˌred ˈhændɪd]	I caught Rowley red-handed playing my video game with Scotty.	If someone is caught red-handed, they are caught while they are in the act of doing something wrong.	当场抓获；当场逮住；
fed up		But the calss officers were skipping the meetings because they're held during recess, and I guess the advisers got fed up.	annoyed or bored with something that you feel you have accepted for too long	厌倦的;厌烦的;腻味的；
scam	[skæm]	But it turned out the whole thing was a scam and there was so such thing as a secret elevator.	a dishonest plan, especially for getting money	(通常以诈财或逃税为目的的)诡计，阴谋，骗局；
podium	[ˈpoʊdiəm]	As soon as Vice Principal Roy called Bryan up to the podium, everyone in the gym started making all sorts of obnoxious noises.	a small raised area where someone stands to give a speech or conduct an orchestra	讲台；乐队的指挥台；
landslide	[ˈlændˌslaɪd]	Just like I predicted, Eugene Ellis won student council President by a landslide.	a situation in which a person or political party wins an election by a very big majority	选举中大获全胜，一面倒的胜利；
lounge	[laʊndʒ]	The meetings are held in the teachers' lounge.	 a public room in a place such as a hotel, university, or hospital where people can sit and relax	酒店、俱乐部或其他公共场所的休息厅，休息室；
hoard	[hɔrd]	It wasn't long before people figured out I was hoarding quality toilet paper, and thing pretty quickly after that.	to get and keep a large amount of something because it might be valuable or useful later	贮藏;囤积；
flick	[flɪk]	At lunch, guys usually take spoonfuls of mashed potatoes and flick them up at the ceiling to try and get them to stick.	to make something move quickly and suddenly, especially with a quick movement of the hand	轻弹;轻击;轻快地移动；
mature	[məˈtʃʊr]	I can tell it's hard for a lot of the boys to be mature in front of the girls.	behaving in the sensible way that you would expect an adult to behave. This is usually used about children and young people	(性格、感情等方面)成熟的;明白事理的；
prom	[prɒm]	The girls seem really excited, and they're treating it like some sort of middle school prom.	a dance for secondary school students, usually held at the end of the year	学校在学年末举行的正式舞会；
compromise	[ˈkɑmprəˌmaɪz]	Mrs. Birch said there's not enough money in the budget to stock all the kid's bathrooms with expensive toilet paper, but she did agree to compromise.	a way of solving a problem or ending an argument in which both people or groups accept that they cannot have everything they want	折中;妥协;让步；
gag	[ɡæɡ]	But it turned out the ticket was just a gag gift, and it was a fake.	a joke, trick, or story that makes people laugh	笑话；玩笑；插科打诨；