rabies	[ˈreɪbiz]	Dad said that the pig probaly hadn't had any immnunizations and might even have rabies, which was NOT what I wanted to hear.	a very serious disease that makes an animal or a human feel crazy. Humans get it only if they are bitten by an animal with rabies.	狂犬病；
whoopie pie		Mom had found a bunch of empty cellophane wrappers from a pack of whoopie pies in the laundry room.	a small cake made of two round pieces of cake with a sweet creamy mixture between them	无比派
leash	[liʃ]	When Manny tried to run away a third time today, Mom bought a retrachable leash at the front desk to try and keep him under control.	A dog's leash is a long thin piece of leather or a chain, which you attach to the dog's collar so that you can keep the dog under control.	牵狗的皮带，链条；
ointment	[ˈɔɪntmənt]	She put some antibacterial ointment on my finger just to be safe and then sent me on my way.	An ointment is a smooth thick substance that is put on sore skin or a wound to help it heal.	油膏；软膏；药膏；
duct tape	[dʌkt]	So Dad went to grocery store and bought some cellophane and duct tape.	Duct tape is a strong sticky tape that you use to join things together or to cover cracks in something.<br/><br/> duct : A duct is a pipe, tube, or channel which carries a liquid or gas. (输送液体或气体的)管道,管子；	用于黏合物品或粘贴漏洞的强力胶带；
intersection	[ˈɪntərˌsekʃ(ə)n]	And when we got to another intersection, we voted again, and this time we turned left.	a place where roads, lines etc join or cross each other	交点;道路交叉口;十字路口；
pedal	[ˈped(ə)l]	Dad was getting pretty frustrated, and when he saw a gap between two cars, he put the pedal to the floor and hung a left.	a part that you push with your foot in order to operate a bicycle, vehicle, or machine	自行车的脚蹬，踏板；
squeeze	[skwiz]	We barely squeezed in front of the NEXT car, which also ran the light.	If you squeeze a person or thing somewhere or if they squeeze there, they manage to get through or into a small space.	挤过;挤进;塞进；
brochure	[broʊˈʃʊr]	She grabbed a bunch of brochures from the front desk and brought them to breakfast so we could figure out what we wanted to do for the day.	A brochure is a magazine or thin book with pictures that gives you information about a product or service.	介绍产品或服务信息的小册子；
tarp	[tɑrp]	Not to mention the fact that the tarp is made of plastic, so with the sun beating down, it was like sitting in a frying pan.	A tarp is a sheet of heavy waterproof material that is used as a protective cover.	(防水)帆布，油布；
blast	[blæst]	When Rodrick got in the driver's seat, he took advantage of Dad's radio rule and blasted heavy metal music.	If you blast something such as a car horn, or if it blasts, it makes a sudden, loud sound. If something blasts music, or music blasts, the music is very loud.	使汽车喇叭等突然发出响亮的声音；使音乐轰响；
bobble	[ˈbɑb(ə)l]	I threw another one at it to try and make it go away, but the seagull bobbled the cheese curl, which fell right back into the car.	a small ball made from pieces of wool, used for decorating hats and other pieces of clothing.	US : to handle (something, such as a ball) in a clumsy or awkward way : to fail to catch (something) : 	(北美)未接好（球），漏接（球）
radiator	[ˈreɪdiˌeɪtər]	The guy at the auto repair shop said we cracked the radiator and it was gonna take at least four or five hours to fix it.	the part of an engine that keeps it from getting too hot	汽车等的水箱，冷却器，散热器；
place mat	[mæt]	What I didn't know was that Rodrick had written something on the place mat before giving it to me.	a flat piece of cloth, wood, or plastic that you put on a table under each person’s plate	餐具垫；
raft	[ræft]	Unfortunately, the raft was four-seater, which made things pretty awkward on the ride down.	A raft is a small rubber or plastic boat that you blow air into to make it float.	充气浮垫；救生筏；
slot	[slɑt]	But by the time we got there, the key was back in the slot and the locker was EMPTY.	A slot is a narrow opening in a machine or container, for example a hole that you put coins in to make a machine work.	(机器或容器上的)狭缝，狭孔；
sealant	[ˈsilənt]	He said what he COULD do was put some sealant on the busted radiator, which would last a day or two before it wore off.	A sealant is a substance that is used to seal holes, cracks, or gaps.	密封胶;密封剂;密封材料；
flap	[flæp]	When I looked behind us, I was surprised to see that the tarp on the boat was loose and flapping around in the wind.	If something such as a piece of cloth or paper flaps or if you flap it, it moves quickly up and down or from side to side.	使飘动;摆动;抖搂；
scrounge around	[skraʊndʒ]	Since we didn't have any cash or credit cards, we had to scrounge around on the floor of the car for loose change.	American & Australian informal to look in different places for something that you need	上下翻找。
swerve	[swɜrv]	Dad swerved off the road, and our car came to a stop in the mud.	 if something such as a vehicle swerves, or if you swerve it, it changes direction suddenly in order to avoid someone or something	使突然转向;使急转弯；
intact	[ɪnˈtækt]	I expected to see broken glass everywhere, but the Windows were intact, and there was some kind of weird goo all over them.	Something that is intact is complete and has not been damaged or changed.	完整无缺的;未受损伤的；
duffel bag	[ˈdʌfəl ˌbæɡ]	Then he dug through my duffel bag and found a pack of Oreos I'd been saving just in case.	a large bag made from strong cloth that has a circular bottom and is pulled together at the top with a string	(圆筒状的)行李袋,帆布包,旅行包；
fiddle	[ˈfɪd(ə)l]	Then he fiddled with the knob on the stereo until he found a radio station he liked.	to touch or move something with many small quick movements of your fingers because you are bored, nervous, or concentrating on something else	摆弄;拨弄(动)；
foil	[fɔɪl]	I think Manny knew his escape plan was foiled, at least for now.	to prevent someone from doing something that they are trying to do	to prevent someone from doing something that they are trying to do	阻止;挫败；
stick with		Mom said we should stick with the plan and call the police.	If you stick with something, you do not change to something else.	坚持(做…)；
conk out	[kɑŋk]	And a few seconds later the radiator conked out.	If something such as a machine or a vehicle conks out, it stops working or breaks down.	(机器、车辆等)停止运转，出故障，出毛病；
souvenir	[ˌsuvəˈnɪr]	Mom's also been making a scrapbook, and she asked everyone to contribute a souvenir to put inside.	A souvenir is something which you buy or keep to remind you of a holiday, place, or event.	纪念品;纪念物；回忆，追忆
flush	[flʌʃ]	Or three, I can flush the key down the toilet and forget this whole thing ever happened.	to make water pass through a toilet	把…冲下(抽水马桶)；
haul	[hɔl]	The long haul.	If you say that a task or a journey is a long haul, you mean that it takes a long time and a lot of effort.	费时费力的事;耗时累人的行程；
brace	[breɪs]	I figured the Beardos might try to ram us with their car, so I braced for impact.	to get ready for something unpleasant	使做好准备面对不快的事或困难；