gab	[ɡæb]	Unfortunately, Mom was on the phone, and when she's gabbing with one of her friends, it takes forever to get her attention.	to talk a lot and for a long time about unimportant things	空谈；瞎扯闲聊；唠叨
Easter	[ˈistər]	Rodrick knows that church on Easter is always at least two hours long, so he was just looking for an excuse to get out of it.	a Sunday in March or April when Christians celebrate the time when Jesus Christ died then returned to life according to the Bible	基督教的复活节；
needy	[ˈnidi]Somewhere in the middle of church, they passed a basket around so poople could give money to help the needy.	a needy person does not have enough money, food, clothing etc.	贫苦的;穷困的；
ante	[ˈænti]	And then Mom upped the ante by banning words like "stupid" and "jerk" and stuff like that.	If you up the ante or raise the ante, you increase your demands when you are in dispute or fighting for something.	在争议或争夺中提高要求，增加筹码；
baseball	[ˈbeɪsˌbɔl]	The Red Sox are a baseball team.	a game played by two teams of nine players who get points by hitting a ball with a bat and then running around four bases	棒球运动；
retrieve	[rɪˈtriv]	The owner please come to the front office to retrieve his article of clothing.	to get something back, especially something that is not easy to find	取回;找回；
slumber	[ˈslʌmbər]	The whole reason I even went to this sleepover was so we could all sneak out and crash Holly's slumber party.	sleep	睡眠；slumber party:睡衣派对; （指一帮年轻的朋友穿着睡衣通宵畅谈的聚会）
sweaty	[ˈsweti]	And let me tell you, it's not easy falling asleep when a sweaty little kid falls on you every five seconds.	covered in sweat , or smelling of sweat	满是汗的;汗淋淋的；
in a nutshell		If you ever wanted to know why I don't like team sports, there it is in a nutshell.	used for saying that you are going to express something in a simple direct way	简而言之。
huddle	[ˈhʌd(ə)l]	Every time Mr. Litch called a huddle, Dad made me get off the bench and to join the rest of the team.	a group that American football players form during a game in order to discuss their next play	（尤指在美式橄榄球中）队员集合听取临赛前的指示
urinal	 [ˈjʊrɪn(ə)l]	I convinced Rowley that some random guy standing at the urinal was a professional athlete.	a toilet fixed on a wall for men to use in a public building, or a room containing several toilets of this type	固定在墙上的男用小便池；
referee	[ˌrefəˈri]	Then the referee blew the whistle, and a kid from the other team ran at the ball and kicked it right at us.	 someone whose job is to make sure that players in a game obey the rules 	比赛的裁判员；（一般指足球或拳击运动比赛时的裁判员。）
plop	[plɑp]	He plopped the newspaper down in front of me on the kitchen table.	to drop something carelessly but gently onto a surface	轻轻地放下；轻巧地放下；
usher	[ˈʌʃər]	After we bought our tickets, we went inside and gave them to the usher, who was a teenager with a crew cut.	to lead someone politely somewhere, for example into a room or towards a seat	婚礼、音乐会等的引座员，招待员，迎宾员；
wimp	[wɪmp]	If Dad saw how military school could make a man out of a juvenile delinquent like Lenwood Health, then it wasn't a stretch to think it could make a man out of a wimp like ME.	someone who is not brave, strong, or confident	软蛋;窝囊废；懦弱的人；无能的人
Scout	[skaʊt]	So I told him I wanted to join the Boy Scouts.	The Scouts is an organization for children and young people which teaches them to be practical, sensible, and helpful.	童子军；
whittle	[ˈhwɪt(ə)l]	But whittling was a lot harder than I thought it would be.	to make an object out of wood by cutting pieces off the wood with a small knife	削(木头等)；
macho	[ˈmɑtʃoʊ]	I figured a whole weekend of him seeing me do macho stuff would totally blow him away.	behaving in a way traditionally considered typical of a man, for example by being strong and willing to fight, and by hiding your feelings	富有男子汉气概的;大男子主义的；
pry	[praɪ]	It took Dad a long time to pry the two of them apart, and he had to take Darren to the emergency room after that.	mainly American to force something open or away from something	撬动；撬开；撬起；
bonding	[ˈbɑndɪŋ]	She said it would be a great "bonding" experience for the three of us.	the development of a special close relationship between people	情感的纽带，契合，关系；
wedge	[wedʒ]	I wedged myself in between the soda machine and the candy machine and waited.	If you wedge something somewhere, you fit it there tightly.	将…塞入;将…插入;将…挤入；
handset	[ˈhæn(d)ˌset]	But I guess Rodrick must've figured out I was gonna call a girl, because he took all the handsets and hid them.	the part of a telephone that you hold next to your ear	电话听筒；
ditch	[dɪtʃ]	I'm sure my tribe-mates wouldn've ditched me the first chance they got.	 to get rid of someone or something because you no longer like or need them	摆脱;抛弃;丢弃；
PTA		They got into this long conversation about the PTA and the fundraising committee and stuff like that.	Parent-Teacher Association: an organization of parents and teachers that works to improve their school, usually by organizing events to raise money	家长教师联谊会；家长教师会；
scoot	[skut]	So I got down on my butt and scooted over to her to speed things up.	to leave or go somewhere very quickly	疾行;匆匆去；溜走；快走；
baboon	 [bəˈbun]	But that doesn't mean I wanted to see my Dad cating like a baboon in front of the whole neighborhood.	 a type of large monkey from Africa or South Asia that lives on the ground	狒狒产于非洲；
chuck	[tʃʌk]	When Manny realized I was gonna take away the blanket, he just turned around and chucked it over the railing.	to throw something	(随意或胡乱地)丢，扔，抛；
hustle	[ˈhʌs(ə)l]	After that, Dad hustled me home, and I thought he was gonna be really mad at me.	to make someone go quickly where you want them to go, or to make them do what you want them to do	猛推;猛拉;推搡；
clueless	 [ˈkluləs]	Rowley didn't evern know what I was talking about, so that just shows you how clueless he can be sometimes.	stupid, or knowing nothing	一无所知的;一窍不通的；
curb	[kɜrb]	So we grabbed some popsicle and went and sat on his front curb.	 American a kerb(British) at the edge of a road	路缘；道牙；马路牙子；











